i feel like these trails are a bit harry
styles yeah
[Music]
hi i'm billy and i'm louie and we're
from wiltshire
yeah uh we're 16
yeah yeah we've been singing for oh i
don't know five years and we've probably
known each other for about
16 years yeah yeah very funny
we've always had very different hair
yeah billy's got like a blonde bit in
the front of his hair
and mine is fake blonde i mean i think
we look completely different i do as
well yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah hey hello hi
hi you're right yeah how are you thank
you we're good
so are you guys like literally best
friends as well as brothers um
yeah um yeah i'd say so so you've always
sank together from being younger yeah
yeah never like
like solo no not at all it's kind of
scary
do you think you'd work well adding
other people into a group with you guys
yeah we really like collabing with
people seeing what works and what
doesn't yeah and like you know
we love harmonies and stuff like that oh
we love a harmony
harmony yeah all right well i don't know
about you girls but i'm so excited to
watch you guys
i'm honestly fascinated and can't wait
you ready
[Music]
[Applause]
some that every time i see you
everything starts making sense
[Applause]
[Music]
ain't no other man it's true all right
oh my gosh yes i love you guys thank you
so much your vocals are insane i feel
like
if jedward could actually sing it would
be you
honestly i'd be interested to see how
you harmonize
with other people yeah yeah if we
try and do a little basic scale harmony
so you can join in
[Music]
okay though all right let's go to revolt
then
for me it's really really exciting 100
yes thank you thank you so much
[Music]
i'm just throwing it out there best
vocals we've heard all day
so it's a yes from me
vocals were perfection and i can't wait
to see
where we're gonna place you so it's a
yes from me oh thank you very much thank
you yeah it's an easy yes for me
[Music]
you